Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile
.
Pay

Job type

&nbsp;
Location
DUBLIN 11, County Dublin
&nbsp;
Full job description
About the Role

The Role

To deliver high-quality, engaging, and accessible training, direct to the end users across multiple sites as part of the implementation of Workday (HCM and Payroll modules) and UKG (Time & Attendance system).

The role will ensure that employees and managers are confident and competent in using the new systems, supporting a smooth transition and adoption, whilst also ensuring integration into end-to-end business processes across the company.

Key Accountabilities

    Deliver face-to-face classroom/virtual training sessions, or simulator (scenario), tailored to different user groups (e.g., frontline employees, managers, system administrators, and the HR team)
    Collaborate with the Colleague E2E project team, Transformation Team, and Head of Learning to understand training materials, timelines, rollout plans, hyper care support post Go-Live, and establish metrics to measure successful completion
    Localise and adapt training content to suit site-specific needs and user capabilities withing a multi-culturally diverse environment
    Provide on-site support during go-live periods, acting as the first point of contact for training-related queries
    Gather feedback from training sessions, feedback to the project team, and contribute to the delivery of continuous improvement training materials and approach
    Maintain accurate records of training attendance and user readiness
    Support change management activities by promoting system benefits and address user frustrations/ barriers
    Liaise with site leadership to coordinate training logistics and ensure alignment with operational needs

Experience and Skills

Essential:

    Proven experience delivering training in a fast-paced, operational or multi-site environment
    Experience supporting system rollouts or digital transformation projects
    Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to engage diverse audiences (job roles, cultures and values, and languages)
    Confident in using digital tools and platforms for training delivery (e.g., MS Teams, and the articulate e-learning platforms)
    Ability to travel frequently and work independently across multiple locations
    Strong organisational skills and attention to detail, along with time management capability

Desirable:

    Experience with Workday and/or time tracking (pref: UKG) systems
    Background in HR, operations, or workforce management
    Experience in change management or user adoption initiatives
    Familiarity with adult learning principles and instructional design
    Experience around the delivery of training materials to multi-lingual populations

Behaviours and Attributes

    Proactive: Practical, hands-on. Takes initiative to identify and resolve training challenges
    Empathetic Communicator: Listens actively and adapts style to meet learner need
    Resilient & Adaptable: Comfortable with ambiguity and able to adjust to changing priorities
    Collaborative: Works well with cross-functional teams. Builds strong relationships on-site
    User-Focused: Committed to ensuring a positive learning experience for all users
    Culturally Aware: Sensitive to regional and site-specific differences in communication and learning styles

About Us

Join us on the journey…..

Over the past 30 years, Beauparc has continued to grow and acquire businesses that all share a very similar vision and set of values. We’re now a group of almost 3000 people, all contributing to that growth and success.
Whilst Beauparc is the parent company to numerous brands, we all share an ambitious vision for the future. Our primary goal is to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our people and connected partners is front and centre. As a team, we’re safer together. We deliver our customers with a partnership approach to managing their resources responsibly. We constantly push the boundaries of innovation. What’s good today can be better tomorrow.

Beauparc is not just a company, it’s a resource recovery business. Over the past three decades we’ve grown and diversified significantly, we believe that great leadership is rooted in strong values. As leaders within this industry, we’re committed to shaping a better future for our friends, families and communities. Our philosophy remains unchanged, balancing customer satisfaction with environmentally sustainable practices. Exceptional customer service, and unwavering dedication to sustainability are the cornerstones of our business.

Our journey is dependent upon talented, passionate, and dedicated people that constantly strive and challenge each other for better outcomes.

Take the first step today and join us on the journey……….

Beauparc aims to attract and retain a skilled and diverse workforce that best represents the talent available in the communities in which our assets are located and our employees reside.

(DE&I Policy Statement)
